Event 1. Coffee with HR: 
A unique event held for the very first time in Delhi University by Anthropos. The event comprised of a panel discussion on various themes by HR professionals from various industries.

Event 2. Intellectual Maniacs: A strategic case study competition which tested the business acumen of the participants.

Event 3. Mortal Kombat: A HR based bidding game where the aim is to build the best team according to different situations and available resources.

Event 4. Longshot: A HR based simulation game with a quantitative and qualitative evaluation of Human resource involving strategizing the workforce to create the best.

Event 5. Mock Interview Workshop: First of its kind to be held in SSCBS, one-to-one Mock Interview was a workshop where esteemed HRs from different domains conducted interviews and gave personal feedback to students.


About us:

1. We are the Human Resource Development Cell of SSCBS. Ideated in 2016, Anthropos is paving a glorious path in the domain of HR & beyond.

2. The Human Resource Development Cell is a student-run organization aimed at enabling the development of the most important resource on this planet – the Human Resource, of the college into a world-class, well-rounded Professionals who are capable of delivering and creating value in the emerging business environment. 

3. We enhance the skill sets of our fellow mates by organizing a variety of games, knowledge sessions, seminars, workshops, and competitions. We, at Anthropos, believe that the development of human resource is the first step towards the development of a nationwide capable workforce.

4. We organize events, games, and competitions that are based on HR, which do not happen to be just of the corporate world but also from various other fields. We bring alive the spirit of HR in the most unique manner. We believe that functions of HR can be performed anywhere and everywhere, be it events or games.

5. We have our annual flagship event, HR Conclave- INCEPTRA. It is one of its kind event which blends all facets of management from finance, marketing to operations but with a special emphasis on the human resource function which is the life and blood of any organization. 



Siddharth Jain, Finalist- Finatic 2017 (Business quiz), St. Stephens College, DU
Siddharth Jain, Finalist- Finatic 2018 (Business quiz), (Das capital), St. Stephens College, DU
Arjun, 3rd prize, The Undisclosed (Finwiz 18), SSCBS, DU
Rohit, 3rd position (Volleyball), Adrenaline, SSCBS, DU
Aanshul Bandiya, 1st position. Lufthansa Impact Week 2018, SSCBS, DU

3. President- Arjun Tyagi
 Vice- President- Siddharth Jain
Co-ordinator- Leena Lata
Co-ordinator- MD Saleem
Logistics Head- Rohit Kumar
Research & Content Head- Ritesh Bharti
Marketing Head- Sadia Safi
Content Head- Gul Passi
Design & Creative Head- Megha 
PR & Sponsorship Head- Shivam Gulati